c:\users\john\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BundleaMinificationMVC4\BundleaMinificationMVC4\bin\BundleaMinificationMVC4.dll
c:\users\john\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BundleaMinificationMVC4\BundleaMinificationMVC4\bin\BundleaMinificationMVC4.pdb
c:\users\john\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BundleaMinificationMVC4\BundleaMinificationMVC4\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\john\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BundleaMinificationMVC4\BundleaMinificationMVC4\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\john\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BundleaMinificationMVC4\BundleaMinificationMVC4\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\john\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BundleaMinificationMVC4\BundleaMinificationMVC4\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
c:\users\john\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BundleaMinificationMVC4\BundleaMinificationMVC4\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\john\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BundleaMinificationMVC4\BundleaMinificationMVC4\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\john\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BundleaMinificationMVC4\BundleaMinificationMVC4\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\john\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BundleaMinificationMVC4\BundleaMinificationMVC4\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
c:\users\john\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BundleaMinificationMVC4\BundleaMinificationMVC4\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\john\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BundleaMinificationMVC4\BundleaMinificationMVC4\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\john\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BundleaMinificationMVC4\BundleaMinificationMVC4\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\john\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BundleaMinificationMVC4\BundleaMinificationMVC4\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\john\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BundleaMinificationMVC4\BundleaMinificationMVC4\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\john\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BundleaMinificationMVC4\BundleaMinificationMVC4\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\john\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BundleaMinificationMVC4\BundleaMinificationMVC4\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\john\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BundleaMinificationMVC4\BundleaMinificationMVC4\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\john\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BundleaMinificationMVC4\BundleaMinificationMVC4\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\john\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BundleaMinificationMVC4\BundleaMinificationMVC4\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\john\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BundleaMinificationMVC4\BundleaMinificationMVC4\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\john\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BundleaMinificationMVC4\BundleaMinificationMVC4\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\john\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BundleaMinificationMVC4\BundleaMinificationMVC4\obj\Debug\BundleaMinificationMVC4.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\john\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BundleaMinificationMVC4\BundleaMinificationMVC4\obj\Debug\BundleaMinificationMVC4.dll
c:\users\john\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BundleaMinificationMVC4\BundleaMinificationMVC4\obj\Debug\BundleaMinificationMVC4.pdb
